[docs] Conda update (#17861)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/install_guides/installing-openvino-conda.md

.. note::

>    Installing OpenVINO™ Runtime from Conda Forge is recommended for C++ developers, as it provides only the C++ Runtime API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Installing OpenVINO Runtime from Conda Forge is recommended for C++ developers, as it provides only the C++ Runtime API.
```

   `Anaconda distribution page <https://www.anaconda.com/products/individual/>`__

> Installing OpenVINO™ Runtime with Anaconda Package Manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing OpenVINO Runtime with Anaconda Package Manager
```

      conda update --all

> 3. Install the OpenVINO™ Runtime package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Install the OpenVINO Runtime package:
```

   .. code-block:: sh

      conda install -c conda-forge openvino=2023.0.0

   Congratulations! You have finished installing OpenVINO Runtime.

> Compiling with OpenVINO™ Runtime from Conda-Forge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compiling with OpenVINO Runtime from Conda-Forge
```

###########################################################

> When linking OpenVINO™ libraries from Conda, ensure you have the necessary Conda compilers installed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When linking OpenVINO libraries from Conda, ensure that you have the necessary Conda compilers installed. 
```

To do so, run the following command in your Conda environment:

.. code-block:: sh

>     conda install cmake c-compiler cxx-compiler make

Reviewer 2: it's turned out the compilers are not required on macOS (at least 13.x). But maybe it depends on the macOS version and on 11.x with older libc++ we still require conda compilers.

Could you please try macOS 11? and Windows ?

Author: It's working on Windows and MacOS without installing compilers from Conda

Author: I've updated title

> It is crucial to reactivate your Conda environment after installation of the compilers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is crucial to reactivate your Conda environment after installing the compilers. 
```

This step ensures that all the environment variables are set correctly for successful linkage.

To reactivate your Conda environment, execute the following command:

> .. code-block:: sh
>     conda deactivate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: sh

    conda deactivate
```

    conda activate <your_environment_name>

Replace <your_environment_name> with the name of your Conda environment. 

> Once reactivated, you can proceed with linking the OpenVINO™ libraries, making sure all the necessary environment variables are properly set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have reactivated your Conda environment, make sure that all the necessary environment variables are properly set and proceed with linking the OpenVINO libraries.
```

   Congratulations! You have finished installing OpenVINO Runtime.

Compiling with OpenVINO Runtime from Conda-Forge on Linux
###########################################################

When linking OpenVINO libraries from Conda on Linux, ensure that you have the necessary Conda compilers installed. 
To do so, run the following command in your Conda environment:

.. code-block:: sh

    conda install cmake c-compiler cxx-compiler make

It is crucial to reactivate your Conda environment after installing the compilers. 
This step ensures that all the environment variables are set correctly for successful linkage.

To reactivate your Conda environment, execute the following command:

.. code-block:: sh

>     conda deactivate

Reviewer 2: it's turned out that to re-activate, we can just use `conda activate <env>`
